chore: rename LoadRequests.chunks to requests and allow ndarray (#225)
scverse/annbatch: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.2.0]

### Feature
- Add a `merge` argument to {meth}`annbatch.DatasetCollection.add_adatas` to handle how columns in {attr}`~anndata.AnnData.var` are handled when creating the on-disk dataset.
- Now {attr}`annbatch.types.LoadRequest.requests` (formerly `annbatch.types.LoadRequest.chunks`) can also be a numpy array of integers.

### Breaking
- Removal of deprecated `annbatch.ChunkSampler`
- Deprecated `n_iters` method of {class}`~annbatch.abc.Sampler` in favor of `n_batches` to match the actual semantics of the returned value.
- Added `n_batches` method to {class}`~annbatch.abc.Sampler` and all sampler implementations.
- Remove deprecated `concat_strategy` argument from {class}`~annbatch.Loader`
- {attr}`annbatch.types.LoadRequest.splits` now index in **request order** -- position `j` is the `j`-th observation when the request's `chunks` are concatenated in the order given. Previously, `splits` had to index into the loader's internal dataset-grouped memory layout. The {class}`~annbatch.Loader` now remaps splits to that layout itself, so custom samplers must produce chunk-order splits and stop compensating for the dataset reordering.

> - Renamed `annbatch.types.LoadRequest.chunks` to {attr}`annbatch.types.LoadRequest.requests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `annbatch.types.LoadRequest.chunks` in favor of {attr}`annbatch.types.LoadRequest.requests`.
```
